Add mixed server pre-req (#1293)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/doc-Upgrading_and_Updating/topics/upgrading_process_overview.adoc

* Plan for updating any scripts you use that contain {Project} API commands because some API commands differ between versions of {Project}.
For more information about changes in the API, see the Red Hat Knowledgebase article https://access.redhat.com/articles/4396911[API Changes Between {Project} Versions] on the Red{nbsp}Hat Customer Portal.

ifndef::satellite[]

> Ensure that all {ProjectName} servers are on the same version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that all {ProjectServer}s are on the same version.
```
